there are around speakers of upper sorbian living in saxony. upper sorbian is a minority language in germany according to the european charter for regional or minority languages.
the sveriges riksbank prize in economic sciences in memory of alfred nobel until the prize was officially called the bank of sweden prize in economics in memory of alfred nobel.
a shoe is also an item of clothing.
rotor a former radar project in the uk following the second world war
in it had over students studying academic programmes and more than staff and an annual income of million.
it is located at n. e. at a height of ft lrb m rrb from sea level.
however stream ciphers can be susceptible to serious security problems if used incorrectly for example in particular the same starting state must never be used twice.
aarberg is a municipality of the district of aarberg in the canton of berne in switzerland.
thousands of young people from all over the world went to san francisco to help create a hippie counterculture. the summer of love made the rest of america much more aware of the hippie movement.
the series was published by dark horse comics beginning in.
the average female lifespan in the bush is only about months but as much as years in captivity.
ch bu had about living in it in.
the following season manchester city moved to city of manchester stadium in east manchester.
following the european grand prix scott speed was removed as a driver. he was replaced by bmw sauber development driver sebastian vettel.
in august there was rioting in northern ireland s big cities of belfast and derry and the government of northern ireland asked for the british army to help keep control.
the ipcc also supports other activities such as the data distribution centre lsb rsb and the national greenhouse gas inventories programme lsb rsb.
the battle was a great defeat for the japanese navy which lost three aircraft carriers and some aircraft in two days of combat.
it gives a revised version of the historical events recounted in the first seven chapters of maccabees.
in that episode the deactivation of their emotional inhibitors drives the converted cybermen insane when they realize what they have become killing them.
the black and tans was a group of soldiers who suppressed the revolution in ireland from to.
it was released on the uk itunes store before in shops and reached second place in the official uk chart.
about two weeks before the end of the world war ii the city was almost completely destroyed.
it was the first pterosaur found in england by mary anning in.
it was the starting point for the seventh crusade lrb rrb and eighth crusade lrb rrb.
hans nowak lrb born august rrb is a former german football player.
this is a list of colleges and universities in alaska 
josh holloway lrb born july in san jose california rrb is an american actor most known for his role as james sawyer ford on abc s emmy award winning show lost.
davenport is a city of eastern iowa in the united states.
wood s first role as a leading movie actress was in s little secrets and she became well known after changing to a more adult orientated golden globe nominated role in the critically acclaimed thirteen lrb rrb.
it is an important source of information on the ancient world.
all of the constituents who are registered to vote are called the electorate.
the swiss federal council is the group of seven people who are the federal government of switzerland.
lermontov died on the duel with martynov nikolay solomonovich in pyatigorsk.
symptoms of beriberi include severe lethargy and tiredness. there are also problems that affect the cardiovascular system the nervous system muscles and gastrointestinal systems.
the conductor sergei koussevitzky asked britten to write an opera based on a poem by george crabbe.
he declared that the zoo was breaking the rules of animal protection by keeping him alive.
there is also a community college called central piedmont community college in the city. it is the biggest community college in north carolina or south carolina.
on the far right general duke was being pressed hard by the heavy columns of attacking soldiers.
the british transport commission lrb btc rrb was created by clement attlees post war labour government.
then granz became her manager but he did not record her on any of his record labels for nearly a decade.
the erie canal is a canal in new york state.
he tells the men to forgive their fianc es.
politics bowell was elected to the house of commons in as a conservative for north hastings ontario.
chappelle s show was an american comedy television series starring comedian dave chappelle. the show was created by chappelle and neal brennan.
thomas gravesen lrb born march rrb is a former danish football player.
pentecostalism is a movement within evangelical christianity that places special emphasis on the direct personal experience of god through the baptism of the holy spirit lrb rrb as shown in the biblical account of the day of pentecost.
three years later jaur s allemane and the possibilists founded the french socialist party while guesde and vaillant formed the socialist party of france.
it is found in the region nord pas de calais in the pas de calais department in the north of france.
after testing with williams mclaren brabham and toleman he got a place within the toleman team for the formula one season. into formula one the toleman team was a small team compared to teams like williams mclaren and brabham.
class and class were two suggested tops classifications. they were given to a single electric multiple unit lrb emu rrb at different stages of its use as a prototype for the networker series.
matthew perry lrb actor rrb lrb born rrb american television and film actor
size of the pdfs on stored books pages a template stored book is automatically included.
the municipality had in a total population of men and women.
on october the new york daily news reported the event with the headline as ford to city drop dead.
three of the singles on the album scar tissue otherside and californication reached number one on the modern rock tracks chart. the discs were called jupiter and mars.
he was the chair of a commission installed by the then spd b ndnis die gr nen government for reforming the bundeswehr.
the london borough of hackney is a london borough in north london.
the earliest nationally formalised rules of play were devised by the gaa in ireland in.
selene is also talked about in nonnus dionysiaca. pausanias.. and strabo.. the etymology of selene is not known but if the word is from greek it is probably connected to the word selas meaning light.
aston martin lagonda limited is a luxury car company that was started in by lionel martin and robert bamford.
after studying music in valencia he went to paris where he studied with paul dukas in paris.
in the s he published a memoir confessions of a dangerous mind.
the third eye is on top of their head in between their other eyes.
his parents had emigrated to england just before morrissey s birth and along with his only sibling lrb elder sister jackie rrb they created a new life for themselves within the manchester district hulme.
op ra national de paris is the most important opera company of france.
mount batur or gunung batur is a volcano on bali.
it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france.
the lake superior lowland to the north is an area of land that is right against lake superior.
the total cost of damage could be more than us billion.
it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france.
it is also the first time the commonwealth games is held in india and the second time the event has been held in asia lrb after in kuala lumpur malaysia rrb.
other people like augustus de morgan charles peirce refined and completed his work.
she is most famous for the film la dolce vita lrb rrb directed by federico fellini.
at the death of his parents in he spent the next years on an lds mission in switzerland and belgium.
he devised and presented the popular sounding brass radio phone in programme which was later fronted by gloria hunniford on bbc radio.
biography early life gellar was born in new york city. she is the only child of rosellen greenfield and arthur gellar.
walter richard rudolf hess lrb he in german rrb lrb april august rrb was a high ranking nazi leader and one of adolf hitler s closest men.
the bay of bengal is a bay. it is in the northeastern part of the indian ocean.
the list of all his compositions has opus numbers.
the species which lives the second longest in the muroids lives years months which is the canyon mouse peromyscus crinitus.
for full length movies animators now use rubber silicone and resin cast objects.
the books are not part of the jewish tanakh lrb also called the hebrew bible rrb since their original language is greek and not hebrew.
while apostolic see can refer to any see founded by any of the apostles the term is in this case used to refer to the see of the bishop seen as successor of the chief of the apostles saint peter.
by the book a dictionary of colormaerz and paul a dictionary of color new york mcgraw hill identified three major shades of lavender floral lavender lavender gray and lavender blue and in addition a fourth shade of lavender called old lavender lrb a dark lavender gray rrb lrb all four of these shades of lavender are shown below rrb.
the title of a powiat capital was gone for a short time but it got the title back on january when august w voivodeship was made and its police were slowly moved to suwa ki.
he was foreign minister of south korea from to and prime minister from to.
white believed in observing birds rather than collecting specimens.
it limits at the north with the province of tacna in peru at the south with the province of tamarugal in the region of tarapac at the east with the province of parinacota and to the west with the pacific ocean.
evergreen colorado is a community in the united states about miles from denver colorado.
copper approaches tod as he lies in the lake below when amos slade appears ready to fire at the fox. copper interposes his body in front of tod and refuses to move away.
radames pleads with the king to spare aida and amonasro.
however on october of the same year the soviets quit and gave the area to the germans because of the nazi soviet alliance.
persecution is the mistreatment lrb bad treatment rrb of an individual or group by another group.
born th of january in nizhny tagil russia in the family of austrian poet and translator political migr boris brainin lrb sepp sterreicher rrb who belonged to the well known viennese brainin family.
tin lrb ii rrb sulfide is made by reacting tin with sulfur.
in the late nineteenth century the european powers occupied much of the continent creating many colonial and dependent territories. they left only two fully independent states ethiopia lrb known to europeans as abyssinia rrb and liberia.
the taiwanese and the south korean navies do not use the number when giving flag numbers to their ships.
 of the world sugar production is from sugar beets.
prague is a city of lincoln county in the state of oklahoma united states.
an example of this is bellerophon from the limestones of the carboniferous period in europe which may be mistaken for a cephalopod.
karel willem frederik marie doorman lrb april february rrb was a dutch admiral lrb dutch schout bij nacht rrb during world war ii.
pienza was rebuilt from a village called corsignano which was the birthplace lrb o o rrb of aeneas silvius piccolomini lrb italian enea silvio piccolomini rrb a renaissance humanist born into an exiled sienese family who later became pope pius ii.
orphaned at age he went on a grand tour of europe in.
economy the economy of the city is based mainly on the port and port related businesses.
in chemistry an amino acid can refer to any molecule that contains both amine and carboxyl functional groups.
the crier can also be used in court or official announcements.
ovid begins the fasti lrb festivals rrb books that detail the first months of the year and provide valuable insights into the roman calendar.
alois alzheimer german psychiatrist is credited with the first published case of presenile dementia which kraepelin would later identify as alzheimer s disease.
this species are native to southeast asia and can be found from india and sri lanka to southern china taiwan japan and indonesian islands.
hannapes is a commune. it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france.
events january new york city creates the city of greater new york.
it was also at this time that german immigrants became the main group in hoboken.
the first stadtholder or ruler of the dutch republic was william of orange who joined with dutch nationalists and led the struggle for independence from spain.
it joined eastbourne to london brighton and the south coast railway.
at this point to reinforce his claim to the kingdom ferdinand remarried with the much younger germaine of foix lrb rrb a granddaughter of queen leonor of navarre.
a linden tree grows on village green of benetice.
it became the citys second entry in the national register of historic places on july after torrance high school.
bustuchin is a commune of gorj county in romania.
this option is not available if the patrolled edits feature is switched off.
it is located near to the tinguiririca river in the valley of colchagua san fernando is feet lrb m rrb above the level of the se.
their common wall will bulge into the larger bubble as smaller bubbles have a higher internal pressure.
rotor lrb turbine rrb the rotor of a turbine powered by fluid pressure
it was the first underground railway lrb or subway rrb in the world opening on january lrb however parts of that initial section are no longer served by the metropolitan line but by the hammersmith city district and circle lines rrb.
emiliano zapata salazar lrb august april rrb was a leader in the mexican revolution which started in.
string quartets are the most popular form of chamber music. many composers have written string quartets.
maciej rataj lrb born february died june rrb was a polish politician of peasants movement who served as speaker of the parliament lrb sejm rrb and twice acting president of poland.
maximian attempted to return to power. diocletian ordered him to step down permanently.
piano blues is a type of blues music where the piano is the main musical instrument used.
the mayor of london s salary is one that ranks along that of a government cabinet minister s. the current salary is per year.
bane of the cosmic forge lrb o o rrb 
proteins within the membrane are key to its working. these proteins mainly transport chemicals and information across the membrane.
the only pepper without capsaicin is the bell pepper.
it originally was completely dark but as voyager came closer to the planet a bright core developed and is seen in most of the highest resolution images.
others in perm later said that they saw anastasia her mother and sisters in perm after they were killed but this was only a rumor.
sita sita is one of the most popular goddesses of hindus.
maldives national football team is the national football team of maldives.
captivity can be used as a term meaning the keeping of either domesticated animals lrb livestock pets rrb or wild animals.
sled dogs known also as sleigh dogs sledge dogs or sleddogs are types of dogs that are used to pull a wheel less vehicle on runners lrb a sled or sleigh rrb over snow or ice by means of harnesses and lines.
yuri temirkanov was principal conductor from to. he conducted many modern and classical operas.
the monarch s central government had charge of the army navy foreign policy and the customs union.
many people who would join this party had been in the freikorps including ernst r hm future leader of the sturmabteilung or sa and rudolf h the future commander of the auschwitz concentration camp.
he was murdered during the night of the long knives in.
the club is the most successful team in the history of italian football.
michael praetorius lrb born creuzburg an der werra near eisenach february ? died wolfenb ttel february rrb was a german composer organist and music theorist.
tortoisehg a gui integrated mercurial client for the microsoft windows platform
the sassanids called their empire eranshahr dominion of the iranians lrb aryans rrb.
turin was the first capital of italy in.
the nebraska legislature is the highest legislative body of the state of nebraska.
landerrouat is a commune. it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france.
 bill clinton becomes the first current us president to visit vietnam.
its key signature has six sharps and one double sharp.
the animal s quills or spines take on many forms depending on the type but all are hairs coated with thick plates of keratin and they are in the skin musculature.
he was chosen along with brent seabrook and jonathan toews to play for team canada in the winter olympics.
aluminium selenide also known as aluminum selenide or aluminium lrb iii rrb selenide is a chemical compound. its chemical formula is al se.
however on august a russian archaeologist declared that he had found two burned skeletons near yekaterinburg at a place which seemed to match what was described in yurovsky s writings.
the master is mr j. p. edwards the deputy master is mr d. bratt.
its appearance is similar to the american staffordshire terrier and american pit bull terrier but it is smaller than both of them.
he decided to sell his share in the lucerna palace on wenceslas square. this was a famous dance hall built by his grandfather v clav havel.
a cube with this surface area has sides of length m
quique seti n lrb born september rrb is a former spanish football player.
giancarlo marocchi lrb born july rrb is a former italian football player.
famous person from the town is the german footballer dietmar hamann.
therefore it was difficult to explain what visual processing does to create what we actually see.
other websites ara gevorgian s official site gevorgyan at persons.
sacramento is the capital of the u.s. state of california.
nupedia and wikipedia both existed till nupedia s servers were stopped in. after this its text was incorporated into wikipedia.
responsibility for the political murders was claimed by a small until then unknown republican organization called the irish national invincibles.
abyss returned to action at slammiversary after the x division championship match wearing a new gray and black mask.
anoplolepis nuptialis is a species of ant. it belongs to the family formicidae.
it sold the most copies in one week for an east coast album since jay z s kingdom come sold copies sold.
windows will include windows media player and internet explorer.
he left england in february and arrived in sydney in august.
jason upton lrb born december rrb is an independent christian worship leader. he has a large underground following.
the story begins with the sudden appearance of an oddly dressed stranger in ichigo s bedroom.
saint ciers d abzac is a commune. it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france.
when the clock signal arrives the flip flops store their new value then the logic requires a period of time to decode the flip flops new values.
almas tower is a skyscraper in dubai united arab emirates.
the road goes from mexican federal highway at the united states mexican border to british columbia highway at the united states canadian border.
the road to the summit has an average gradient of.. until saint est ve the climb is easy but the remaining kilometres have an average gradient of. average gradient of..
the private bill needed to build it was introduced into parliament in.
modes of limited transposition are a kind of musical scale.
hastings is a city of iowa in the united states.
nonverbal communication has three main aspects the situation where it takes place the communicators and their behavior during the interaction.
pink floyd has released twelve studio albums four live albums seven compilations five soundtracks thirty five singles eleven music videos four video albums and three box sets.
the generic universal roleplaying system or gurps is a role playing game system.
regierender b rgermeister lrb governing mayor rrb in berlin
fort dodge is a city of iowa in the united states.
in it changed its name from ohio state university to the ohio state university adding the to the front.
scott became a figure of controversy with questions raised about his competence and character.
state route lrb commonly known as old highway or just also future designated as interstate or interstate rrb is a state highway in california in the united states.
he wrote two string quartets and a wind sextet ml di lrb youth rrb.
