upper sorbian is a minority language spoken by sorbs in germany in the historical province of upper lusatia lrb hornja u ica in sorbian rrb which is today part of saxony.
relation to the nobel prize the sveriges riksbank prize in economic sciences in memory of alfred nobel is not a nobel prize.
a shoe is an item of footwear evolved at first to protect the human foot and later additionally as an item of decoration in itself.
helicopter rotor the rotary wing lrb s rrb of a rotorcraft such as a helicopter
in it had over students studying academic programmes and more than staff making it the largest single site university in the united kingdom.
it is located at n. e. at a height of above sea level.
however stream ciphers can be susceptible to serious security problems if used incorrectly see stream cipher attacks in particular the same starting state must never be used twice.
after this aarberg became the capital of the bezirk or county of aarberg.
the summer of love became a defining moment of the s as the hippie counterculture movement came into public awareness.
the series was published by dark horse comics beginning in with delays between the first six and the final two issues caused by whedon s tv commitments during which moline illustrated route for crossgen comics. after the series conclusion in august a trade paperback collecting the whole series was also published by dark horse.
in consequence mortality among young female leadbeater s possums is high average female lifespan is little more than months as opposed to about years in captivity.
ch bu has a population estimate of as of.
the following season manchester city moved to the newly built city of manchester stadium in east manchester.
following the european grand prix speed was dropped under controversial circumstances and was replaced by bmw sauber development driver sebastian vettel who was later confirmed for.
this culminated in august when northern ireland cities like belfast and derry erupted in major rioting and british troops were called in at the request of the government of northern ireland lrb see northern ireland riots rrb.
while the preparation of the assessment reports is a major ipcc function it also supports other activities such as the data distribution centrewelcome to the ipcc data distribution centre and the national greenhouse gas inventories programme ipcc national greenhouse gas inventories programme required under the unfccc.
the engagement proved disastrous for the imperial japanese navy which lost three aircraft carriers and some aircraft.
it presents a revised version of the historical events recounted in the first seven chapters of maccabees adding material from the pharisaic tradition including prayer for the dead and a resurrection on judgment day.
in that episode the deactivation of their emotional inhibitors causes the converted cybermen to realize what they have become driving them insane and killing them.
the black and tans was one of two newly recruited bodies composed largely of british world war i veterans employed by the royal irish constabulary as temporary constables from to to suppress revolution in ireland.
it became available for download on the uk itunes store before the physical release and reached the number spot on uk albums chart.
about two weeks before the end of the war the city was almost completely destroyed.
the first fossil remains now attributed to dimorphodon were found in england by fossil collector mary anning at lyme regis in dorset uk in december.
it was the embarkation point of the seventh crusade lrb rrb and the eighth crusade lrb rrb.
hans nowak lrb born august in gelsenkirchen germany rrb is a former german football player.
this is a list of colleges and universities in alaska.
joshua lee josh holloway lrb born july rrb is an american actor and model from free home georgia. he is best known for his role as james sawyer ford on the american television show lost.
davenport is a city located along the mississippi river in scott county iowa united states.
she made her debut as a leading film actress in little secrets lrb rrb and became well known after her transition to a more adult oriented golden globe nominated role in the teen drama film thirteen lrb rrb.
it is an important source of information on the ancient world especially when information is corroborated by other sources.
all the constituents who are registered to vote are referred to as the electorate.
the federal council is the seven member executive council which constitutes the federal government of switzerland and serves as the swiss collective head of state. while the entire council is responsible for leading the federal administration of switzerland each councillor heads one of the seven federal executive departments.
on july at pyatigorsk fellow army officer nikolay martynov who felt hurt by one of lermontov s jokes challenged lermontov to a duel.
symptoms of beriberi include severe lethargy and fatigue together with complications affecting the cardiovascular nervous muscular and gastrointestinal systems.
the borough of the opera is a fictional village which shares some similarities with crabbe s and later britten s own home aldeburgh on england s east coast around.
he declared that the zoo was violating animal protection legislation by keeping him alive.
central piedmont community college is the city s junior college system and the largest community college in north carolina and south carolina.
on the far right duke was pressed hard by columns of attacking union soldiers.
the british transport commission lrb btc rrb was created by clement attlee s post war labour government as a part of its nationalisation program to oversee railways canals and road freight transport in great britain lrb northern ireland had the separate ulster transport authority rrb.
fitzgerald s relationship with granz was further cemented when he became her manager although it would be nearly a decade before he could record her on one of his many record labels.
today the reconfiguration of the canal created during the first enlargement is commonly referred to as the improved erie canal or the old erie canal to distinguish it from the canal s modern day course.
alfonso winner of the wager tells the men to forgive their fianc es.
bowell was first elected to the house of commons in as a conservative for the riding of north hastings ontario.
chappelle s show is an american sketch comedy television series created by comedian dave chappelle and neal brennan with chappelle hosting the show as well as starring in various skits.
thomas gravesen lrb born march rrb is a retired danish professional football player who played as a midfielder.
pentecostalism is a renewalist religious movement within christianity that places special emphasis on a direct personal experience of god through the baptism of the holy spirit which is evidenced by speaking in other tongues.
three years later jaur s allemane and the possibilists founded the possibilist french socialist party which supported participation in government while guesde and vaillant formed the socialist party of france which opposed such co operation.
achiet le grand is a commune in the pas de calais department in northern france.
senna attracted the attention of formula one teams williams mclaren brabham and toleman all of whom he tested for.
class and class were tops classifications assigned to a single electric multiple unit lrb emu rrb at different stages of its use as a prototype for the networker series.
matthew perry lrb born rrb is canadian american television and film actor.
size of the pdfs at the top of stored books pages a template is automatically included.
the city is also a center of sugar production and industry.
in the city government faced imminent bankruptcy and its appeals for assistance were initially rejected summarized by the classic october new york daily news headline as ford to city drop dead.
sometimes the beginnings middle sections and or endings of the songs are extended by long improvisations such as my lovely man if you have to ask californication parallel universe ca n t stop throw away your television by the way and dani california.
he was the chair of a commission installed by the then social democratic green government for reforming the bundeswehr.
office of public sector information london government act lrb c. rrb lrb as amended rrb accessed november 
the game originated in the uk and has been played there since tudor times with the earliest reference being in in a little pretty pocket book where it is called baseball.
selene is mentioned in nonnus dionysiaca. pausanias.. and strabo.. the etymology of selene is uncertain but if the word is of greek origin it is likely connected to the word selas meaning brightness.
aston martin was founded in by lionel martin and robert bamford.
rodrigo studied music under francisco antich in valencia and under paul dukas at the cole normale de musique in paris.
confessions of a dangerous mind in his autobiography confessions of a dangerous mind originally published in barris claimed to have worked for the central intelligence agency lrb cia rrb as an assassin in the s and the s.
the tuatara has a third eye on the top of its head called the parietal eye.
his parents had emigrated to england just before morrissey s birth and along with his only sibling lrb elder sister jackie rrb morrissey was raised in harper street in hulme manchester.
op ra national de paris is the leading opera company of france.
mount batur lrb gunung batur rrb is an active volcano located at the center of two concentric calderas north west of mount agung bali indonesia.
rocourt saint martin is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france.
in the north the lake superior lowland occupies a belt of land along lake superior.
the total cost of damage is worked out to be more than us billion.
merlieux et fouquerolles is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france.
it was the first time that the commonwealth games were held in india and the second time it was held in asia after kuala lumpur malaysia in.
legacy boole s work was extended and refined by william stanley jevons augustus de morgan charles sanders peirce and william ernest johnson.
she is best known for her role as sylvia in the federico fellini film la dolce vita which features the legendary scene of her cavorting in trevi fountain alongside marcello mastroianni.
he was also one of the founding organizers of the psychonomic society.
he devised and presented the popular sounding brass radio phone in programme lsb rsb bbc london homepage.
early life gellar was born in new york city the only child of rosellen lrb n e greenfield rrb a nursery school teacher and arthur gellar a garment worker.
rudolf walter richard hess lrb written he in german rrb lrb april august rrb was a prominent nazi politician and official acting as adolf hitler s deputy in the nazi party during the s and early s.
the bay of bengal the largest bay in the world forms the northeastern part of the indian ocean.
the opus numbers of his compositions rise to almost.
the next closest lifespan among muroids is years months among the better studied canyon mouse peromyscus crinitus.
for feature length productions the use of clay has generally been supplanted by rubber silicone and resin cast components.
this distinction had previously contributed to debate in the early church about whether they should be read in the churches and thus be classified as canonical texts.
the term apostolic see can refer to any see founded by one of the apostles but when used with the definite article it is used in the catholic church to refer specifically to the see of the bishop of rome whom that church sees as successor of saint peter the chief of the apostles.
the web color called lavender is displayed at right it matches the color of the very palest part of the lavender flower however the more saturated color shown below as floral lavender more closely matches the average color of the lavender flower as shown in the picture and is the tone of lavender historically and traditionally considered lavender by the average person as opposed to those who are web site designers.
the status of a powiat capital was briefly withdrawn but it was reintroduced on january when the august w voivodeship was created and its government was gradually moved to suwa ki.
he served as foreign minister of south korea from to and as prime minister from to.
he believed in distinguishing birds by observation rather than by collecting specimens and was thus one of the first people to separate the similar looking chiffchaff willow warbler and wood warbler by means of their song.
the province is bordered on the north by the tacna province of peru on the south by the tamarugal province in the tarapac region on the east the parinacota province and on the west by the pacific ocean.
evergreen is roughly miles lrb kilometers rrb west of the city and county of denver.
slade arrives and prepares to shoot him but copper quickly interposes his body over tod refusing to move.
as his reward from the king radames pleads with him to spare the lives of the prisoners and to set them free. gratefully the king of egypt declares radames to be his successor and to be his daughter s betrothed lrb aida amneris radames the king amonasro chorus o re pei sacri numi !..
however on october of the same year the soviets withdrew and transferred the area to the germans in accordance with the nazi soviet alliance.
persecution is the systematic mistreatment of an individual or group by another group.
born january in nizhni tagil russia in the family of austrian poet and translator political migr boris brainin lrb sepp sterreicher rrb who belonged to the well known viennese brainin family lrb his relatives are hebrew publicist biographer and public figure reuben brainin austrian british violinist norbert brainin and others rrb.
tin lrb ii rrb sulfide is a chemical compound of tin and sulfur.
in the late th century the european imperial powers engaged in a major territorial scramble and occupied most of the continent creating many colonial territories and leaving only two fully independent states ethiopia lrb known to europeans as abyssinia rrb and liberia.
similarly the taiwanese and the south korean natives do not use the number when assigning pennant numbers to their ships.
beet sugar accounts for of the world s sugar production.
prague lrb rrb is a city in lincoln county oklahoma united states.
an example of this is bellerophon from the limestones of the carboniferous period in europe the shell of which is planispirally coiled and can be mistaken for the shell of a cephalopod.
karel willem frederik marie doorman lrb april february rrb was a dutch rear admiral who commanded abdacom a hastily organized multinational naval force formed to defend the east indies against an overwhelming imperial japanese attack.
 nicholas adams the acquisition of pienza the journal of the society of architectural historians. lrb may rrb pp.
he was orphaned in at the age of. in he went on a grand tour of europe becoming one of the first britons to include russia on his itinerary.
economy and infrastructure the city s economy based mostly around the port and port related activity such as fish processing and canning has suffered since as vladivostok was opened to foreign activity again.
the various alpha amino acids differ in which side chain lrb r group rrb is attached to their alpha carbon and these can vary in size from just one hydrogen atom in glycine or a methyl group in alanine through to a large heterocyclic group in tryptophan.
the crier can also be used to make public announcements in the streets.
year lrb viii rrb was a leap year starting on sunday lrb link will display the full calendar rrb of the julian calendar.
alzheimer is credited with identifying the first published case of presenile dementia which kraepelin would later identify as alzheimer s disease.
muntjac are the oldest known deer appearing million years ago with remains found in miocene deposits in france and germany.
hannapes is a commune in the aisne department in picardy in northern france.
january march january new york city annexes land from surrounding counties creating the city of greater new york.
it was also during this time that german immigrants who had been settling in town during most of the century became the predominant population group in the city at least partially due to its being a major destination port of the hamburg america line.
the horizontal fesses are bands of equal size in the colors from top to bottom red lrb officially described as a bright vermilion rrb white lrb silver rrb and blue lrb cobalt blue rrb.
an early plan for a town named burlington was abandoned but on may the london brighton and south coast railway arrived to scenes of great jubilation.
ferdinand was born in sos del rey cat lico aragon and was the son of john ii of aragon lrb whose family was a cadet branch of the house of trast mara rrb by his second wife juana enr quez.
benetice is a small village near the town sv tl nad s zavou in the vyso ina region czech republic.
designed by irving gill and built in as part of the original layout of the city as determined by jared sidney torrance and frederick law olmsted jr. the bridge became the city s second entry in the national register of historic places on july after torrance high school.
bustuchin is a commune in gorj county romania.
patrolled edits is a software feature installed in wikipedia in november that indicates when an article has not been reviewed.
located close to the tinguiririca river lrb a tributary of the rapel rrb in a fertile valley san fernando sits feet lrb m rrb above sea level.
their common wall will bulge into the larger bubble as smaller bubbles have a higher internal pressure lrb also known as ostwald ripening which is caused by pressure differences in bubbles of different radii as predicted by the young laplace equation rrb.
rotor a former radar project in the uk following the second world war
the main line runs from in the city of london to with branch lines to and.
emiliano zapata salazar lrb august april rrb was a leading figure in the mexican revolution which broke out in and which was initially directed against the president porfirio d az.
the string quartet is widely seen as one of the most important forms in chamber music with most major composers from the late th century onwards writing string quartets.
maciej rataj lrb february june rrb was a polish politician socialist activist and writer.
he ordered maximian who had attempted to return to power after his retirement to step down permanently.
piano blues refers to a variety of blues styles sharing only the characteristic that they use the piano as the primary musical instrument.
the mayor of london s current salary is per year which is similar to that of a government cabinet minister.
bane of the cosmic forge crusaders of the dark savant and wizardry formed a second trilogy with settings and gameplay mechanics that differed greatly from the first trilogy.
most membrane proteins must be inserted in some way into the membrane.
the only capsicum without capsaicin is the bell pepper a cultivar of capsicum annuum which has a zero rating on the scoville scale.
it initially was completely dark but as voyager approached the planet a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest resolution images.
although other witnesses in perm later reported that they saw anastasia her mother alexandra fyodorovna and sisters in perm after the murder that story is now widely discredited as nothing more than a rumor.
others aspects sita sita is one of the most popular divinities of hinduism.
the maldives national football team is the national team of the maldives and is controlled by the football association of maldives.
captivity can be used as a generalizing term to describe the keeping of either domesticated animals lrb livestock and pets rrb or wild animals.
sled dogs known also as sleighman dogs sledge dogs or sleddogs are highly trained types of dogs that are used to pull a dog sled a wheel less vehicle on runners also called a sled or sleigh over snow or ice by means of harnesses and lines.
under yuri temirkanov principal conductor from to the opera company continued to stage innovative productions of both modern and classic russian operas.
the monarch s common government had responsibility for the army for the navy for foreign policy and for the customs union.
numerous future members and leaders of the nazi party had served in the freikorps including ernst r hm future head of the sturmabteilung or sa and rudolf h the future kommandant of the auschwitz concentration camp.
in as part of the night of the long knives he was executed on hitler s orders as a potential rival.
juventus is the most successful team in the history of italian football and historically one of the most successful and recognized in the world.
michael praetorius lrb probably february february rrb was a german composer organist and writer about music.
tortoise lrb band rrb a us post rock band formed in 
the empire lasted until yazdegerd iii lost control of his empire in a series of invasions from the arab caliphate.
it was the capital of the duchy of savoy from then of the kingdom of sardinia ruled by the royal house of savoy and finally the first capital of a unified italy.
the nebraska legislature is the supreme legislative body of the state of nebraska in the great plains region of the united states.
landerrouat is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in south western france.
 ndash bill clinton becomes the first u.s. president to visit vietnam since the end of the vietnam war.
in the harmonic minor the d is raised to d. its key signature has six sharps and one double sharp.
porcupines quills or spines take on various forms depending on the species but all are modified hairs coated with thick plates of keratin and they are embedded in the skin musculature.
on december keith was selected to play for team canada at the winter olympics in vancouver. he was named to the squad along with blackhawks teammates brent seabrook and jonathan toews.
aluminium selenide is the chemical compound al se.
however on august a russian archaeologist announced the discovery of two burned partial skeletons at a bonfire site near yekaterinburg that appeared to match the site described in yurovsky s memoirs.
the master is mrs elizabeth hill the deputy master is mr david bratt.
in the us many were imported by pit fighters and used in their breeding programs to produce the american pit bull terrier and american staffordshire terrier.
following a legal dispute with his sister in law havel decided to sell his stake in the lucerna palace on wenceslas square a legendary dance hall built by his grandfather v clav havel.
the area of a square of side length km
enrique quique seti n soler lrb born september rrb is a retired spanish footballer who played mainly as a central midfielder and a current coach.
giancarlo marocchi lrb born july in imola rrb is a former italian footballer.
notable personalities from the town include german footballer dietmar hamann.
thus people interested in perception have long struggled to explain what visual processing does to create what is actually seen.
links ara gevorgian s official site ara gevorgyan my sardarabad gevorgyan at mtv.
sacramento is the capital city of the u.s. state of california and the county seat of sacramento county.
nupedia and wikipedia coexisted until the former s servers were taken down permanently in and its text was incorporated into wikipedia.
responsibility for the assassinations was claimed by a small hitherto unheard of republican organization called the irish national invincibles.
abyss returned to action at slammiversary after the x division championship match wearing a white asylum uniform with his inmate number and his last name park on the back and a new grey and black mask.
anoplolepis nuptialis is a species of ant in the family formicidae.
it also had the highest sales week for an east coast album since jay z s kingdom come debuted with copies sold several months earlier.
new additions to this list of components include internet explorer windows media player windows media center windows search and the windows gadget platform.
he arrived in sydney in august to become the fourth governor.
jason upton lrb born december rrb is an american christian artist who has a large underground following.
the story opens with the sudden appearance of one of the a military order who escorts the souls of the dead named rukia kuchiki in teenager ichigo kurosaki s bedroom.
saint ciers d abzac is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in south western france.
when the clock signal arrives the flip flops take their new value and the logic then requires a period of time to decode the new values.
almas tower lrb diamond tower rrb is a supertall skyscraper in dubai united arab emirates.
at its southern end i continues into tijuana mexico as mexico federal highway.
until saint est ve the climb is easy. over km but the remaining kilometres have an average gradient of..
the private bill necessary for construction was introduced into parliament in.
any scale having the same number of modes as notes is not a mode of limited transposition.
hastings is a city in mills county iowa united states.
however much of the study of nonverbal communication has focused on face to face interaction where it can be classified into three principal areas environmental conditions where communication takes place the physical characteristics of the communicators and behaviors of communicators during interaction.
the discography of english rock band pink floyd consists of studio albums lrb one of which is a mixture of live and studio rrb three live albums lrb not re counting the mixed album rrb six compilations three box sets one ep singles music videos and four video albums.
the generic universal roleplaying system or gurps is a role playing game system designed to adapt to any imaginary gaming environment.
regierender b rgermeister lrb literally governing burgomaster commonly translated as governing mayor rrb in west berlin and reunited berlin while in berlin the term b rgermeister without attribute english mayor refers to his deputies cf.
fort dodge is served by the fort dodge community school district.
in and in light of its expanded focus the college permanently changed its name to the now familiar the ohio state university lrb with the article the as part of its official name rrb.
from a previously unassailable position scott became a figure of controversy with questions raised about his competence and character.
california state route lrb sr rrb commonly known as highway or is a north south state highway in the u.s. state of california stretching almost the entire length of the central valley.
a number of his works were performed in london including his first string quartet the wind sextet youth and his violin sonata.
